<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_toothpaste">
    <title>t_toothpaste</title>
    <shortdesc>This task refers to the application of  <ph keyref="material"/>on a <ph keyref="tool"
        />. It is intended to novices to this process, who have no experience at all with <ph
            keyref="material"/>, toothbrushes or tube packaging.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_gxn_4bv_fxb">Make sure that you have obtained all required
            items.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>Application of <ph keyref="material"/> on a <ph keyref="tool"/>.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Take the <ph keyref="material"/> and the <ph keyref="tool"/> and go to the
                    bathroom.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Put the <ph keyref="tool"/> on the washbasin or on the countertop, depending on
                    the interior design of your bathroom. </cmd>
                <info>You will not need the <ph keyref="tool"/> for a while.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the cap from the <ph keyref="material"/> tube.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use your fingers to remove the silver safety seal from the tube opening.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Throw the safety seal to the litter bin.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>While still holding the <ph keyref="material"/> tube in one hand, pick the <ph
                        keyref="tool"/> with your other hand.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Position the <ph keyref="material"/> tube opening slightly above the <ph
                        keyref="tool"/> bristle.</cmd>
                <info>Ideally, the end of the tube opening should be located directly above the end
                    of the <ph keyref="tool"/> bristle that is closer to your hand holding the <ph
                        keyref="tool"/>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press lightly the rear area of the <ph keyref="material"/> tube with your
                    thumb.</cmd>
                <info>Remember to press the rear area of the <ph keyref="material"/> tube (rear area
                    is the area on the opposite side of the tube opening). This helps control the
                    rate of <ph keyref="material"/> application.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>While pressing the <ph keyref="material"/> tube, observe the <ph
                        keyref="material"/> coming out and place it on the <ph keyref="material"/>
                    bristle.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Continue pressing the <ph keyref="material"/> tube, while slowly moving the
                    hand holding the <ph keyref="tool"/> away from the hand holding the toothpaste
                    tube.</cmd>
                <info>Remember that the <ph keyref="material"/> opening must be located directly
                    above the <ph keyref="tool"/> bristle at all times.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the <ph keyref="material"/> you are applying on the <ph keyref="tool"/>
                    reaches the other end of the bristle, stop pressing the <ph keyref="material"/>
                    tube.</cmd>
                <info>Alternatively, you can stop pressing the <ph keyref="material"/> tube even
                    earlier. The result will be less <ph keyref="material"/> on the <ph
                        keyref="tool"/>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Put the <ph keyref="material"/> tube aside.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_wmc_ddv_fxb">Toothpaste is present on the <ph keyref="tool"/> and you are
            ready to brush your teeth.</result>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="r_toothpaste.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
